












Advanced | Technical































We use cookies in this website. Read about them in our privacy policy. To disable them, configure your browser properly. If you keep using this website, you are accepting those.

OK

















Home




Our Schools




Estoril Campus




International Anglo-American School




Admission Process




Virtual Tour Estoril






Sintra Campus




College Infanta D. Maria de Portugal




Admission Process




Virtual Tour Sintra








Academics




Cambridge Curriculum




Preschool




Primary




Secondary




Advanced




Advanced | Technical




Advanced | Sports






Sport & Business




High School Diploma






College (+18)






Boarding




about us & fees




Tuition & Fees




About Us & FAQ's




Our Team




Blog




Videos & YouTube




News




Academic Calendar 2022-2023






Contact Us


 


                    My Cart 


















Technical



Programmes






Advanced levels - A-levels with intensive technical programmesAges: 16 to 18 Years: 12 and 13















Available only at Estoril Campus











Prime School candidates can choose from a number of additional extra courses, related to the different professional fields.

We offer a Career Programme to conclude Advanced levels diplomas.
















AVIATION






AIM OF THE COURSE




The aim of the aviation course is to finish their A-level course with a strong training in aviation and 
to instruct student-pilots to fly aircraft safely and proficiently under Visual Flight Rules. 




Privileges



The privileges of the holder of a theorical and practical course in a simulator will help students to understant the aviation world.


A-level subjects:



A level of Design & Technology/ Physical Education


A level of English or another Language


A level of Media Studies


Technical Knowledge such us Air law, Human Performance and Limitations, Meteorology, Radio communications, Aircraft General Knowledge, Principles of Flight, Navigation, Operational Procedures, Flight Planning and Monitoring, Math  and Physics for aviation will be delivered in this course.Candidates interested in a career as a commercial airline pilot can begin their training without any previous aeronautical experience and complete it at their own rate.


This programme is suitable for students from Y12 to Y13.









MARKETING 





AIM OF THE COURSE




The aim of the Marketing course is to finish their A-level course and equip students with the basic tools and skills needed to be working with marketing, advertising, content production, communication, journalism, to name a few.


PRIVILEGES

Learners will partake in work experience programmes at Prime school and with selected partners, equipped with the tools and skills required to operate and monetize social media.

Learn from one of the founding programmers and creators of the online management system, ODOO. 
Garner in depth knowledge of various modules namely, Human Resource management, Stock control, CRM, SEO, CMS and more.

A-level su
bjects:



 A level of Design & Technology


A level of English or another language


A level of Media Studies


All students will be offered an intership in our Marketing Department at Prime School International in the last year. 



This programme is suitable for students from 
Y12 to Y13.









TRAVEL & TOURISM 





AIM OF THE COURSE




The aim of the Travel & Tourism course is to finish their A-level course, with a big emphasis in Tourism, Travel and Cooking.
PRIVILEGESThis will lead you to a wide variety of career opportunities including hotel management, food service or travel management and more.The Prime School Travel & Tourism Program is a programme that combines work-based training and study, providing students with skills in food handling, cooking, tourism and administration and is the perfect place for students to engage in a hands-on learning environment to prepare and become leaders in the hospitality, tourism and catering industries.
A-level subjects: 


A level of Travel & Tourism or History


A level of Media Studies


A level of English or Another Language





This programme is suitable for students from 
Y12 to Y13.















LANGUAGES


AIM OF THE COURSEYou can complete your secondary education with courses focused on languages ​​and media studies.PRIVILEGESThese subjects can be useful in different areas such as theater, tourism, language schools, international organizations, journalism, media and others.

A-level
 s
ubjects:



A level of Language


A level  Language


A level Media Studies


 Internship with Prime School in the commercial department, as well as in partners of our institution.



This programme is suitable for students from 
Y12 to Y13.






BUSINESSAIM OF THE COURSEWith this option you will gain practical knowledge and build an understanding of project management tools, techniques and processes across a wide range of job market sectors. PRIVILEGESThe course gives you the chance to develop core project management processes and act as an active team member, developing your skills to be a team leader, a project leader or a project manager.A-level subjects:A level MathA level of BusinessA level English or another languageGetting Started & Managing a BusinessBy starting a business, you help form the backbone of the global economy. Each small business may not employ many people, but combined, the small business community is a powerful force.Once you start your business, it’s time to get to work running day-to-day operations. From sales to customer service, small business owners often get involved in every part of their business. 

This programme is suitable for students from 
Y12 to Y13.




                MARINE SCIENCEAIM OF THE COURSEThe course will provide you with extensive theoretical and professional training in the field of marine science to meet the interdisciplinary research needs of physical oceanographers, marine biologists, chemists and geologists, Climate Change and the Effects of Climate Change.It also adds new sections on Estuaries, Beaches, Barrier Islands, Shellfish, Macroalgae, Food Chains, Food Webs, and Coastal Resource Management.PRIVILEGESPractical sailing classes on a 40-foot sailboat will be held on one Friday afternoon, per month.At the end of the school year, students will take the boat from Lisbon to the Algarve, and will analyze all the flora and fauna that they find along the way.A-level subjects:A level of BiologyA level of Marine ScienceA level Physical Education or ChemistryScience and Sailing Come Together in a Research Project, our stduent will learn to sail and dive to explore the sea. Sailing course and diving course can be provided with extra fee of €1.200.This programme is suitable for students from Y12 to Y13.










Shaping The Citizens Of An Interconnected World.



Contact us today to know more about us...




Contact us











                            Powered by Odoo






Copyright © Prime School
-
                Terms of use

-
                Privacy Policy

-
                Legal Advice




                Powered by Odoo,
                the #1 Open Source eCommerce.
            








Copyright © Prime School



                Powered by Odoo,
                the #1 Open Source eCommerce.
            











