












Primary | PRIME SCHOOL































We use cookies in this website. Read about them in our privacy policy. To disable them, configure your browser properly. If you keep using this website, you are accepting those.

OK

















Home




Our Schools




Estoril Campus




International Anglo-American School




Admission Process




Virtual Tour Estoril






Sintra Campus




College Infanta D. Maria de Portugal




Admission Process




Virtual Tour Sintra








Academics




Cambridge Curriculum




Preschool




Primary




Secondary




Advanced




Advanced | Technical




Advanced | Sports






Sport & Business




High School Diploma






College (+18)






Boarding




about us & fees




Tuition & Fees




About Us & FAQ's




Our Team




Blog




Videos & YouTube




News




Academic Calendar 2022-2023






Contact Us


 


                    My Cart 


















 
Primary





Prime School offers a flexible curriculum with 
continuous assessment for 6- to 11-year-olds













Primary Overview











At Prime School, the primary covers the age groups from 5 to 11 years old. In these years of knowledge, our educators prioritize the learning and development of values ​​that allow young students to grow in a consolidated way, forming innovative and creative young people, with a general and individual conscience that allows them to be respected and respect others as well as the environment around them.







This phase translates into a hectic, exciting phase in which children develop and deepen what they learned in their first discoveries at school. This stage is dedicated to hands-on, where knowing how to do, knowing how to create, knowing how to produce, knowing how to contemplate, and knowing how to internalize what we build with care every day, allows us to grow in a sustained and happy way.







The objectives and practices of our primary education program have been defined over the last 20 years, due to the educational and pedagogical excellence, and above all, the affectionate friendship and commitment that the entire educational community involved in the learning of each student has always offered in a special way for everyone.   


We offer children supportive learning environments and dynamic educational experiences that enable them to achieve academic success, gain knowledge in key subject areas, and develop personal responsibility and integrity. Our students learn skills that lay the foundation for the future. Through our projects, students learn the skills that ultimately help them learn to read, write, develop their math and science skills, and become successful students. Primary students also learn “school readiness” skills, which help them understand school routines, how to work in groups and how to be students.











PRIMARY SCHOOL CURRICULUM 


 Our elementary school curriculum creates a pupil-centered and individualized approach, combined with challenging learning environments to empower children to become confident, successful, and lifelong learners. 





HIGH EXPECTATIONS FOR EVERY CHILD


 Our elementary school teachers believe in the potential of every single pupil. They differentiate instruction by using learning, assessment, and communication tools to discover each pupil's strengths and weaknesses and work collaboratively with families to establish individual academic goals and learning plans.





Compulsory subjects at the Primary level are:







Portuguese as a First language 





English as a First Language  


 Mathematics 


 Science 


 Global Perspectives


 Art (Music, Drama & Design)  


Physical Education (PE)


Animal and Environmental Science


 
 














Creative Ways of Teaching

 

 


 







RELATIONSHIP BUILDING



In our elementary school, teachers encourage positive relationships with every pupil, and create rich experiences with engaging interactions.






DOCUMENTATION & DISPLAY



Teachers make learning visible to peers, parents, and the school community using notice boards, newsletters, portfolios, and special events.






PARENTAL INVOLVEMENT



Families are provided many opportunities to participate in their child’s learning including volunteering in the classroom and participating in school events.






TECHNOLOGY



Our elementary schools are equipped with the latest 21st century technology. Teachers and pupils can access technology as a tool to facilitate and enhance the learning experience.






PRACTICAL LIFE SKILLS



These appeal to the child's need for movement and order, independence, and social relationships, as he/she builds practical life skills.






SENSORY LEARNING



Prime School materials and hands-on activities stimulate sensory discovery and description, while maximizing the child's natural desire to explore.






MATHEMATICS



From abstract thinking to understanding concepts like linear counting, the decimal system, addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division.





LANGUAGE & LITERACY



Our carefully-planned Prime School classroom environment encourages growth in oral and written expression, as well as in reading, and grammar, so as to build literacy skills.





SOCIAL STUDIES



In the Prime School setting, children gain an awareness of the world around them, by discovering other countries, their customs, foods, languages, fauna and flora.











Extracurricular Activities











At Prime School, we understand how important the early years are to both you and your child. This is a time of remarkable growth when children experience rapid development, learn new skills, and progress steadily towards physical, intellectual, and social-emotional milestones. That is why we invest in extracurricular activities such as:












Football







Music







Chess







Foreign Languages







Sports







Arts & Drama







Robotics







ICT















Cambridge Curriculum


 Our curriculum provides directed guidance and rich experiences that build upon individual strengths and talents. With our child development professionals at their side, children at Prime School are assured of getting the care they need, the creative learning experiences they enjoy, and the intellectually challenging opportunities they deserve.













APPLY NOW



























































 



A unique, internationally tailored academic offered in Portugal





Develop your child's potential at Prime School...









 



Contact us











                            Powered by Odoo






Copyright © Prime School
-
                Terms of use

-
                Privacy Policy

-
                Legal Advice




                Powered by Odoo,
                the #1 Open Source eCommerce.
            








Copyright © Prime School



                Powered by Odoo,
                the #1 Open Source eCommerce.
            











