












Preschool | PRIME SCHOOL



































We use cookies in this website. Read about them in our privacy policy. To disable them, configure your browser properly. If you keep using this website, you are accepting those.

OK

















Home




Our Schools




Estoril Campus




International Anglo-American School




Admission Process




Virtual Tour Estoril






Sintra Campus




College Infanta D. Maria de Portugal




Admission Process




Virtual Tour Sintra








Academics




Cambridge Curriculum




Preschool




Primary




Secondary




Advanced




Advanced | Technical




Advanced | Sports






Sport & Business




High School Diploma






College (+18)






Boarding




about us & fees




Tuition & Fees




About Us & FAQ's




Our Team




Blog




Videos & YouTube




News




Academic Calendar 2022-2023






Contact Us


 


                    My Cart 


















Preschool





Prime School offers a flexible curriculum with integrated assessment for 3 to 5 year-olds.

















Only available in our Sintra Campus











Our Preschool program is filled with investigation, exploration, and discovery, to accommodate active and enthusiastic children, who seek to refine and expand their skills and knowledge. Thanks to specialized teaching practices, purposefully designed learning environments, and enriched activities, teachers ensure preschoolers have joyful, appropriate, and meaningful learning experiences, that lead to success in academia and professional life. Our preschool program goals and practices aim to fulfill families' expectations of educational excellence, helping young learners grow into confident students. 


Preschoolers learn “pre-skills,” which lay the groundwork for the future. Through their playing, singing, and learning, preschoolers gain skills that ultimately help them learn to read, write, build their maths and science skills, and become successful students. Preschoolers also learn “school readiness” skills, which help them understand the routines of school, how to work in a group, and how to be students.
 

 










 
LANGUAGE WORKS



                Our preschool programs and curriculum provide pupils with opportunities to integrate listening, speaking, early reading, and writing into daily activities. Preschoolers develop their literacy skills throughout the day, not only during scheduled “reading” time. Teachers use read-aloud as well as poems, songs, and rhymes to teach topics cross-curriculum, and classrooms are filled with signs and labeled objects, which help pupils make connections between objects and words, and words and letters.  
              


MATHS COUNTS



                Our preschool teachers create learning experiences that build mathematical skills and reasoning, so pupils can solve problems and use mathematics in real and meaningful ways. Daily preschool maths activities include learning numbers, practicing counting, creating and learning shapes, and working with calendars. In addition, playing with puzzles, building toys, blocks, and games help preschoolers practice and build maths skills as they count, manipulate objects, and work with different shapes and sizes.
              


ART SMART






Our preschool teachers nurture pupils' intrinsic artistic abilities and help them appreciate art in the broader world, by engaging them in varied creative activities. 




SCIENCE ROCKS


Throughout our preschool science curriculum, teachers carefully plan experiments that not only develop scientific skills but also nurture pupils' natural curiosity. The class will learn about a certain topic (for e.g.: water, weather, animals, plants, and nature) through the use of books, demonstrations with actual objects, exploration outdoors, or interactive activities. In addition, preschoolers are natural scientists as they play and explore the world around them with their inquisitive minds. They constantly experiment and learn as they play outside, explore natural objects, and play with toys such as clay, sandboxes, and water tables.
                 
              Note:Estoril Campus: Whole curriculum taught in EnglishSintra Campus: Bilingual curriculum (Portuguese and English)















Creative Ways of Teaching








SCIENCES




Investigating objects in a light box or in a light table; Predicting daily weather; Using microscopes and documenting observations through pictures and charts.







OUR WORLD




Sharing cultural and family traditions with the class; Working with peers on community service projects; Experiencing the comforting words and gestures of teachers and peers. 







SELF-AWARENESS




Making their own choices for snacks and meals; Identifying nutritious foods and how they help the body grow; Engaging in physical activities - hopping, climbing, and yoga.







ARTS




Dictating stories to accompany drawings; Singing songs and reading books from around the world; Making instruments; Painting to the sound of music; Creating dramatic plays. 







MATHEMATICS




Sorting items by size, colour, or shape during clean up; Counting small groups of items and matching them to numerical cards; Playing estimation games. 







MODERN LANGUAGES




Recognizing letters and distinguishing sounds; Answering open-ended questions; Playing language and rhyming games. 












Daily Schedules












Redeveloped with the following in mind:





                    Matching the age and abilities of the children.
                  



                    Outdoor time, both structured and unstructured, every day.
                  



                    At least two large blocks of time for child-directed learning.
                  




And include:





                    Morning and Afternoon Group Time
                  



                    Small-Group Activities
                  



                    Morning and afternoon child-directed learning in learning centers Outdoor play and activities
                  



                    Snack and meals
                  













Extra-Curricular Activities












At Prime School, we understand how important the early years are to both you and your child. This is a time of remarkable growth when children are experiencing rapid development, learning new skills, and progressing steadily towards physical, intellectual, and social-emotional milestones. That is why we invest in extracurricular activities, such as:












Robotics







Music







Chess







ICT







Sports







Arts & Drama







Football







Modern Languages















Cambridge Curriculum



                Our curriculum provides focused guidance and enriching experiences that build on individual strengths and talents. With our child development professionals at their side, pupils at Prime School are assured of getting the care they need, the creative learning experiences they enjoy, and the intellectually challenging opportunities they deserve.
              









Read more





















A unique, internationally tailored academic offer in Portugal




Contact us today to know more...





Contact us











                            Powered by Odoo






Copyright © Prime School
-
                Terms of use

-
                Privacy Policy

-
                Legal Advice




                Powered by Odoo,
                the #1 Open Source eCommerce.
            








Copyright © Prime School



                Powered by Odoo,
                the #1 Open Source eCommerce.
            











