












Advanced | PRIME SCHOOL































We use cookies in this website. Read about them in our privacy policy. To disable them, configure your browser properly. If you keep using this website, you are accepting those.

OK

















Home




Our Schools




Estoril Campus




International Anglo-American School




Admission Process




Virtual Tour Estoril






Sintra Campus




College Infanta D. Maria de Portugal




Admission Process




Virtual Tour Sintra








Academics




Cambridge Curriculum




Preschool




Primary




Secondary




Advanced




Advanced | Technical




Advanced | Sports






Sport & Business




High School Diploma






College (+18)






Boarding




about us & fees




Tuition & Fees




About Us & FAQ's




Our Team




Blog




Videos & YouTube




News




Academic Calendar 2022-2023






Contact Us


 


                    My Cart 


















Advanced Levels






Prime School offers a flexible curriculum with 
continuous assessment for 16 to 18 year-olds














 The AICE Diploma (Advanced International Certificate of Education) is a two-year, pre-university certificate for secondary students, designed and administered by the University of Cambridge in England; and examined by an International Body of Curriculum and Assessment. The AICE Diploma itself is designed to be a two-year program made up of AS or A-Level courses. AS or A-Level exams are currently being offered in over 100 countries.


Each year, our students, upon completing the Advanced level, acquire the mandatory skills and knowledge of the Cambridge University curriculum.

The qualifications guaranteed by Cambridge University give access to the most prestigious universities in the world, such as Harvard, MIT, Stanford, and Yale.

In Portugal, students obtain the equivalence required by Portuguese universities through “Portaria 779/98”.











LEARNER PROFILE


 The school aims to develop internationally minded people who commonly share a concern for the planet’s guardianship, and help create a better and more peaceful world. 


AICE DIPLOMA


 For students looking for a more challenging high school experience or for a chance to earn college credit, many high schools offer several advanced college-level program options. The newest one of these is the Cambridge AICE, an international diploma program created through Cambridge University in England.  


A-LEVEL





 The A-Level curriculum engages students in a small number of subjects and develops in-depth knowledge. The A-Level is also the traditional preparation for entry to world-renowned British universities and is also recognized by universities globally. 
 A-levels are widely regarded as the ‘Gold Standard’ qualification for top universities in Britain, and the rest of the world. This prestigious course is internationally acknowledged as evidence of the most demanding and rigorous intellectual training. 












A-Level Subject choices

Our learners must choose three subjects from a range of assessment options to gain Cambridge International A Level qualifications













Maths Group


Math and Physics 
 + 
Design and Technology or one language  English, Afrikaans, Arabic, Chinese, English, French, German, Hindi, Japanese, Portuguese, Spanish, Tamil, Urdu.



Career Path Examples: Technical writerChemical engineer, Meteorologist, Data analyst, Systems analyst, Civil engineer, Design engineer and Process engineer.








Humanities Group


History  and Sociology  
 + 

business or one language  Afrikaans, Arabic, Chinese, English, French, German, Hindi, Japanese, Portuguese, Spanish, Tamil, Urdu.






Career Path Examples: teaching and academia, heritage and museums, the Civil Service, policy and thinktanks, creative industries, media and journalism, marketing and public relations and law and accountancy;








Creative Group

Art & Design and Media Studies 
+
Design and Technology, or  one language  Afrikaans, Arabic, Chinese, English, French, German, Hindi, Japanese, Portuguese, Spanish, Tamil, Urdu.



Career Path Examples: Digital marketer, broadcasting/film/video, Social media manager, Television/film/video producer, Web content manager, Arts administrator, Broadcast journalist, Event manager, Film director, Marketing executive and Photographer














Design & Technology Group


 Design and Technology + Physics + one language.



Career Path Examples: Accelerator Operator, Applications Engineer, Data Analyst, Design Engineer, Teacher, IT Consultant, Lab Technician, Laser Engineer, Graphic designer, Interior designer, Industrial designer, Video game designer, Art director, Web developer and Civil engineer.








Social Sciences Group


Business and Math + History or one language 
Career Path Examples: Economist/Economic analyst, Investment administrator, Financial service manager, Securities broker, Market research analyst, International trade specialist, Strategic planner and Commodities trader.








Sport Group

Biology and Physical Education + Business, or  one language
Career Path Example: Sports science, PE teacher, Physiotherapist, Professional sportsperson, Sports coach/consultant, Sports policy at local and national level, Diet and fitness instructor and Personal trainer.














Science Group


Chemistry, Biology + Math or Marine Science, or  one language
Career Path Examples: Laboratory technician, Forensic science technician, Biomedical technician, Clinical specialist, Research associate, Research analyst, Environmental scientist and Microbiologist.











interdisciplinary Group


History, Global Perspectives and 
one language

Career Path Examples: Tourism Management, Interpreter and Teacher 


















Advanced Levels





This course is for the ablest students who are seeking places on competitive degree courses at the most elite universities in the UK or internationally. A-levels are essential for any student considering applying to Oxford or Cambridge University, or to medical school. 
Our learners can choose from a range of assessment options to gain Cambridge International AS & A Level qualifications:




Take the Cambridge International AS Level only, one credit. The syllabus content is half a Cambridge International A Level two credits. 




Take a ‘staged’ assessment route – take the Cambridge International AS Level in one examination series and complete the final Cambridge International A Level in a subsequent series. AS Level marks can be carried forward to a full A Level twice within a 13-month period.




For the AICE Diploma, you will need 7 credits, one of which must be Global Perspective.















 



 



 










Cambridge Results




Students entering the 6th Form (secondary) at Prime School will find themselves immersed in a microcosm. Teachers aim to make the transition from the 5th Form as painless as possible. In this way, students go on to complete academic courses while also enjoying the wealth of opportunities that our holistic approach to education provides.
Please click on the button below to check Prime School students' Cambridge Results




Cambridge Exam Results from 2017 to 2020











A unique, internationally tailored academic offer in Portugal



Develop your child's potential at Prime School...





Contact us











                            Powered by Odoo






Copyright © Prime School
-
                Terms of use

-
                Privacy Policy

-
                Legal Advice




                Powered by Odoo,
                the #1 Open Source eCommerce.
            








Copyright © Prime School



                Powered by Odoo,
                the #1 Open Source eCommerce.
            











