












Secondary | PRIME SCHOOL































We use cookies in this website. Read about them in our privacy policy. To disable them, configure your browser properly. If you keep using this website, you are accepting those.

OK

















Home




Our Schools




Estoril Campus




International Anglo-American School




Admission Process




Virtual Tour Estoril






Sintra Campus




College Infanta D. Maria de Portugal




Admission Process




Virtual Tour Sintra








Academics




Cambridge Curriculum




Preschool




Primary




Secondary




Advanced




Advanced | Technical




Advanced | Sports






Sport & Business




High School Diploma






College (+18)






Boarding




about us & fees




Tuition & Fees




About Us & FAQ's




Our Team




Blog




Videos & YouTube




News




Academic Calendar 2022-2023






Contact Us


 


                    My Cart 


















Secondary





Prime School offers a flexible curriculum with 
 
continuous assessment for 11 to 16 year-olds













Secondary Overview











Prime School offers our students the opportunity to experience, learn and socialize in a multicultural environment, at no other time in life do children have a greater capacity to learn than during adolescence.


At this stage, from 11 to 15 years old, students enter a new phase of learning, our aim is to maintain adult influence while we emphasize interdisciplinarity and provide a global and view of current events. In our famous secondary I and II, students develop projects with a focus on research, development and investigation. 


Our Secondary school teachers believe in the potential of each and every student. They differentiate instruction by using learning, assessment, and communication tools to discover each student's strengths, weaknesses and work collaboratively with families to establish individual academic goals and learning plans.





In Secondary 1 we continue the work developed in the primary school, where "Hands-on'' is fundamental, where planning a project, creating a work team, exchanging knowledge and ideas, and achieving it is our primary objective.    In Secondary 2 students, we incentivize students to become more autonomous and independent, by working on innovation, technology and creativity in various fields such as robotics, joinery, weaving, electronics, which contribute to the improvement of their mathematical, linguistic, physical and environmental techniques, with teachers alongside them, facilitating, guiding and showing them that learning can be both demanding and exciting. 

















































SECONDARY I | 



Year 7, 8  and 9 | Ages 11 to 14



 Key Stage 3 at the Estoril campus follows the English Cambridge Curriculum and all students are expected to study the following subjects: Art, English, History, Mathematics, Portuguese,  Music, Physical Education, ICT, Robotics, Projects, and Science. 


HIGH EXPECTATIONS FOR EVERY CHILD


Our Secondary school teachers believe in the potential of each and every student. They differentiate instruction by using learning, assessment, and communication tools to discover each student's strengths, weaknesses and work collaboratively with families to establish individual academic goals and learning plans. 



















SECONDARY II | Year 10 - Year 11 | Ages 14 to 16


 Cambridge Secondary II is typically for learners aged 14 to 16. It builds on the foundations of Cambridge Secondary I and supports schools using student-centered and inquiry-based approaches to learning. The Cambridge IGCSE diploma is globally recognized. A student is awarded 1 IGCSE certificate for each subject that he/she attempts and sits an exam for. 


Obligatory 
A
cademic Subjects: 
                



                    Languages
                  



English (1 credit)


Portuguese - for native speakers (1 credit)




                    Mathematics
                  




Mathematics (1 credit)




                    Sciences



Co-ordinated Sciences - Biology, Chemistry, and Physics (2 credits)




Choose one or more of the following subjects to complete the IGCSE diploma (7 credits).



Humanities & Social Sciences





History or Global Perspectives 
(each 1 credit)





Professional & Creative



Business,  Physical Education,  Arts and Design, Design and Technology  (each 1 credit)



Additional Compulsory Subjects
(no exams required)



Gymnastics


 Students can also enroll in the I.G.C.S.E career or sports programs to ensure the learner obtains skills for a competitive market.


Music


ICT & Robotics


Aviation 


HydroponicsDifferent Sports (swimming, football, volleyball, rugby, golf, basketball, etc)



 











We Strive to Be...






INQUIRERS



They develop their natural curiosity. They acquire the necessary skills to conduct inquiry and research and show independence in learning. They actively enjoy learning and this love of learning will be sustained throughout their lives.





KNOWLEDGEABLE




They explore concepts, ideas and issues that have local and global significance. In doing so, they acquire in-depth knowledge and develop understanding across a broad and balanced range of subjects.





THINKERS



Thinkers - They exercise initiative in applying thinking skills critically and creatively to recognize and approach complex problems, and make reasoned, ethical decisions





COMMUNICATORS



They understand and express ideas and information confidently and creatively in more than one language and in a variety of modes of communication. They work effectively and willingly in collaboration with others.





CARING



They show empathy, compassion and respect towards the needs and feelings of others. They have a personal commitment to community service, and act to make a positive difference on the lives of others and on the environment.





OPEN-MINDED



They understand and appreciate their own cultures and personal histories, and are open to the perspectives, values and traditions of other individuals and communities. They are accustomed to seeking and evaluating a range of points of view, and are willing to grow from the experience.











Extra-Curricular Activities











At Prime School, we understand how important the early years are to both you and your child. This is a time of remarkable 

growth

 when children experience rapid development, learn new skills, and progress steadily towards physical, intellectual, and social-emotional milestones. That is why we invest in extracurricular activities, such 

as:













Robotics







Music







Chess







ICT







Sports







Arts & Drama







Futebol







Modern Languages











 




Cambridge Curriculum


 The Secondary School Curriculum follows the Cambridge Curriculum. Our classes are taught by an international team of qualified, experienced native English and International teachers, who teach individual subjects. Class sizes are typically small with a significant focus on individual student attention. The teachers have much more one-to-one time with their students as the course progresses, helping them better identify areas to focus on in preparation for their AS and A-Level exams. The success they have already achieved at the IGCSE level means that they are now well prepared for the challenges that lie ahead. 



Read more










 


A unique, internationally tailored academic offer in Portugal


 
Develop your child's potential at Prime School...



Contact us











                            Powered by Odoo






Copyright © Prime School
-
                Terms of use

-
                Privacy Policy

-
                Legal Advice




                Powered by Odoo,
                the #1 Open Source eCommerce.
            








Copyright © Prime School



                Powered by Odoo,
                the #1 Open Source eCommerce.
            











