












Estoril Campus | PRIME SCHOOL



































We use cookies in this website. Read about them in our privacy policy. To disable them, configure your browser properly. If you keep using this website, you are accepting those.

OK

















Home




Our Schools




Estoril Campus




International Anglo-American School




Admission Process




Virtual Tour Estoril






Sintra Campus




College Infanta D. Maria de Portugal




Admission Process




Virtual Tour Sintra








Academics




Cambridge Curriculum




Preschool




Primary




Secondary




Advanced




Advanced | Technical




Advanced | Sports






Sport & Business




High School Diploma






College (+18)






Boarding




about us & fees




Tuition & Fees




About Us & FAQ's




Our Team




Blog




Videos & YouTube




News




Academic Calendar 2022-2023






Contact Us


 


                    My Cart 














International Anglo-American School



Estoril Campus  




ENROL NOW!












Who we are 

The International Anglo-American School forms part of the Prime School International network, an institution delivering both, Elementary and University Education within a single structure. Each student selects a curriculum tailor-made to meet their educational requirements 


As an Anglo-American school, the educational offer is delivered via two curricula, namely; 


 




Cambridge's British curriculum, from Year 7 (Grade 6) to Year 13 (Grade12). 






American curriculum, from Year 10 (Grade 9) to Year 13 (Grade 12). 




Both curricula are Internationally recognized, preparing students from 3 to 19 years of age for entrance into the world's best Universities. 
Students furthermore have the opportunity of pursuing their University courses in our facilities, with Prime International College.







 
 















Our mission

We prepare school students for life, encouraging them to develop an informed curiosity and a lifelong passion for learning.Our International education programs and qualifications have garnered a proven reputation for being an excellent preparation for university, employment, and successful life.












Estoril Campus offers the following Cycles of Basic Education

Basic education spans fourteen years and is divided into six cycles (see table below). At Prime Estoeil, we offer four cycles, the remaining are only available at our Sintra Campus.




Cycles of basic education





Years




Modal age



Academic in offer



Kindergarten*
Preschool
3 - 5 years old
Cambridge certificate


Primary*
1, 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6
6- 10 years old
Cambridge certificate


Lower Secondary
7 and 8
11 - 13 years old
Cambridge certificate


Lower Secondary
9 and 10
14 - 15 years old 
Cambridge or American High School Diploma


Upper Secondary
11 and 12
16 - 18 years old


Cambridge or American High School Diploma






Upper Secondary


(Technical & Sports)


11 and 12
16 - 18 years old


Cambridge or American High School Diploma







*Only available at Prime School Sintra campus


Estoril Campus offers the following Cycles of Higher Education


Basic education lasts for three years and is divided into three cycles (see table below).





    Cycles of Higher education



                    Grades



                 Modal age



          Academic in offer




 Level 4 (1st-year University) 





HNC - Higher National Certificate


+18 years old


The undergraduate degree taught in English or Portuguese




 Level 5 (2nd-year University) 





HNC - Higher National Diploma


 +18 years old

  The undergraduate degree taught in English or Portuguese



 Level 6 (3rd-year University) 
Bachelor's Degree
 +18 years old


UCLAN University of Central Lancashire 
Degree 



taught in English or Portuguese




























 
 





Visit Your Estoril Campus

Our International Anglo-American School is located in Estoril,  a beautiful coastal town in the Municipality of Cascais, Portugal, on the Portuguese Riviera. It is famed as a major international luxury tourist destination and is known for its luxury hotels, beaches, and Casino Estoril. Famed for having been home to numerous Royal families and famous personalities, the town is also known for hosting numerous notable events, such as the Estoril Open and the Lisbon & Estoril Film Festival.
Estoril is one of the most picturesque places to live in Portugal and the Iberian Peninsula. It is home to a sizable foreign community and is known for its luxury restaurants, hotels, and entertainment. Cascais is consistently ranked for its high quality of living, making it one of the most livable and sought-after places in Portugal.





































































                            Powered by Odoo






Copyright © Prime School
-
                Terms of use

-
                Privacy Policy

-
                Legal Advice




                Powered by Odoo,
                the #1 Open Source eCommerce.
            








Copyright © Prime School



                Powered by Odoo,
                the #1 Open Source eCommerce.
            











