












What is the importance of international education, and who benefits from it? | PRIME SCHOOL

































We use cookies in this website. Read about them in our privacy policy. To disable them, configure your browser properly. If you keep using this website, you are accepting those.

OK

















Home




Our Schools




Estoril Campus




International Anglo-American School




Admission Process




Virtual Tour Estoril






Sintra Campus




College Infanta D. Maria de Portugal




Admission Process




Virtual Tour Sintra








Academics




Cambridge Curriculum




Preschool




Primary




Secondary




Advanced




Advanced | Technical




Advanced | Sports






Sport & Business




High School Diploma






College (+18)






Boarding




about us & fees




Tuition & Fees




About Us & FAQ's




Our Team




Blog




Videos & YouTube




News




Academic Calendar 2022-2023






Contact Us


 


                    My Cart 













Prime School Life
What is the importance of international education, and who benefits from it?










What is the importance of international education, and who benefits from it?
PARENTS & CHILDREN






Amanda Costa Santos









Is International education a catalyst for leading change around the world?International schools, like Prime School International, traditionally cater to internationally mobile expatriate families, who work in international companies, foreign embassies and so on. However, local students can also attend the school, primarily to learn the language used as the medium of instruction there, namely English - the universal language that connects the globalised world.For those who are currently at Prime School International, they will automatically become part of a genuine and dynamic international community where they will have invaluable access to a wide range of cultures, beliefs, languages and perspectives.In addition to their studies and future working career, we must primarily also consider the academic atmosphere - always encouraging diversity and inclusion among students, teachers and family, i.e. the community as a whole.The Career Programmes on offer also make Prime School International unique, as your child's choice of career is probably what you are most concerned about. At this point in life, students may be more concerned about grades, friends, sports and other interests. Even though you may be thinking about these things, exploring a child's career is also an important part of their development. In the list of Career Programmes that are offered, we have Aviation, Business, Marketing, Animal Science, Several Sports, such as Football, Basketball, Volleyball, Golf, Tennis and others.In addition to this international and future career-focused atmosphere, we can also count on extracurricular activities different from ordinary schools, a greater concern for the environment and sustainability, a native teaching community, various cultural events (such as culture day, pyjamas day, Halloween, carnival, environment day and others) and trips, in addition to the Cambridge Diploma, which is recognised worldwide.In 2019, ISCResearch reported that the demand for access to international education is gradually increasing year on year.Education is at the forefront of global development and, with globalisation making it easier than ever for families to move abroad in search of work and study opportunities, it's easy to see the appeal of pursuing an international education these days.The demand for a 'western-style' education and the increasing prominence of the Cambridge assessment system means that the educational landscape is undergoing a progressive transformation.International education can be a form of cultural diplomacy. Employers are also interested in international education.Would you like to continue receiving more tips and information on education and family relationships? Subscribe to our newsletter and receive exclusive content directly to your email.Learn more











Are you concerned or do you feel guilty about not giving your child the amount of attention you feel they deserve?
PARENTS & CHILDREN





Amanda Costa Santos






Read Next 







                            Powered by Odoo






Copyright © Prime School
-
                Terms of use

-
                Privacy Policy

-
                Legal Advice




                Powered by Odoo,
                the #1 Open Source eCommerce.
            








Copyright © Prime School



                Powered by Odoo,
                the #1 Open Source eCommerce.
            











