












highschooldiploma | PRIME SCHOOL































We use cookies in this website. Read about them in our privacy policy. To disable them, configure your browser properly. If you keep using this website, you are accepting those.

OK

















Home




Our Schools




Estoril Campus




International Anglo-American School




Admission Process




Virtual Tour Estoril






Sintra Campus




College Infanta D. Maria de Portugal




Admission Process




Virtual Tour Sintra








Academics




Cambridge Curriculum




Preschool




Primary




Secondary




Advanced




Advanced | Technical




Advanced | Sports






Sport & Business




High School Diploma






College (+18)






Boarding




about us & fees




Tuition & Fees




About Us & FAQ's




Our Team




Blog




Videos & YouTube




News




Academic Calendar 2022-2023






Contact Us


 


                    My Cart 














 Sport Curriculum



Secondary Diploma



 (Ages 16 -18)












Level 3 National Extended Diploma in Sport and Exercise Science



Who is this qualification for? The Pearson BTEC National Extended Diploma in Sport and Exercise Science is intended to be an Applied General qualification. It is for post-16 learners who want to continue their education through applied learning, and who aim to progress to higher education and ultimately to employment, possibly in the sport and exercise science sector. The qualification is wide-ranging and equivalent in size to three A Levels and has been designed as a full two-year study programme. 
Learners who wish to take this qualification will have successfully completed a Level 2 programme of study with GCSEs and potentially some vocational qualifications. What does this qualification cover? The content of this qualification has been developed in consultation with academics to ensure that it supports progression to higher education. 
Employers and professional bodies have also been involved and consulted to confirm that the content is appropriate and consistent with current practice for learners choosing to enter employment in the sport and exercise science sector. 
The qualification gives learners the knowledge, understanding, and skills that underpin the study of the sport and exercise science sector, and gives learners additional breadth and depth to prepare them fully for further study or training. 
This includes the opportunity for learners to choose several topics from a selection of options reflecting progression in sport and exercise science. Learners will study seven mandatory content areas: 
• Applied Research Methods in Sport and Exercise Science • Applied Sport and Exercise Psychology • Coaching for Performance and Fitness • Field and Laboratory-based Fitness Testing • Functional Anatomy • Nutrition for Sport and Exercise Performance • Sport and Exercise Physiology. 
As the mandatory content is equivalent in size to two A Levels, higher education representatives have confirmed that it is appropriate to allow learners to choose from a wide range of optional units in the final third of the qualification, so that they can explore their own choice of areas for further study. 
The optional units have been designed to support progression to sport and exercise science courses in higher education. 
The optional content areas include: • Biomechanics in Sport and Exercise Science • Research Project in Sport and Exercise Science • Physical Activity for Individual and Group-based Exercise • Sociocultural Issues in Sport and Exercise • Specialised Fitness Training • Sports Injury and Assessment • Sports Massage • Technology in Sport and Exercise Science.



Qualification
Level 3 BTEC Extended Diploma in Sport and Exercise Science


Subject Area
Sport and Exercise Science


Attendance
Full Time or part time


Age Group(s)
16-18 year olds


Duration
2 Years







High School Students doing volunteer work.










Photo Gallery








































                            Powered by Odoo






Copyright © Prime School
-
                Terms of use

-
                Privacy Policy

-
                Legal Advice




                Powered by Odoo,
                the #1 Open Source eCommerce.
            








Copyright © Prime School



                Powered by Odoo,
                the #1 Open Source eCommerce.
            











