












School life & Covid-19 | PRIME SCHOOL

































We use cookies in this website. Read about them in our privacy policy. To disable them, configure your browser properly. If you keep using this website, you are accepting those.

OK

















Home




Our Schools




Estoril Campus




International Anglo-American School




Admission Process




Virtual Tour Estoril






Sintra Campus




College Infanta D. Maria de Portugal




Admission Process




Virtual Tour Sintra








Academics




Cambridge Curriculum




Preschool




Primary




Secondary




Advanced




Advanced | Technical




Advanced | Sports






Sport & Business




High School Diploma






College (+18)






Boarding




about us & fees




Tuition & Fees




About Us & FAQ's




Our Team




Blog




Videos & YouTube




News




Academic Calendar 2022-2023






Contact Us


 


                    My Cart 













Prime School Life
School life & Covid-19










School life & Covid-19
In tune with the status quo of a country plagued by COVID-19, and conscious of its responsibilities






Maria Benedita de Castro Nunes Santos Silva













Prime School Answered The Covid-19 SwiftlyPrime school was the only and first school in Portugal that on the first day after the lockdown, was prepared and delivered classes online. Our school works swiftly and adapts to every context, which shows our dedication and works towards the future of these students. Not even a global pandemic stopped us to act and readjust to the current situation.The Impact Of Covid-19Our school nowadays delivers the classes in presence, however, if we have to go back to remote classes, we are more than prepared. This situation proved our efficiency and success to support our students and education system, in any situation. Before we got back to attending classes we organized the schools and buildings safely, developed teaching and learning in a way that can flourish within these conditions. Prime school recognizes the importance of supporting the teachers and training our professionals to perform at their best in these very difficult circumstances. This can only be achieved through outstanding levels of leadership both at school level and with our excellentteachers. Therefore we decided to invest in support four our professionals in this peculiar time. Prime School prepared the environment for students to conduct the formal examinations and assessments which are necessary to progress successfully to the next stages.Current SituationOur school nowadays delivers the classes in presence, however, if we have to go back to remote classes, we are more than prepared. This situation proved our efficiency and success to support our students and education system, in any situation. Before we got back to attending classes we organized the schools and buildings safely, developed teaching and learning in a way that can flourish within these conditions. Prime school recognizes the importance of supporting the teachers and training our professionals to perform at their best in these very difficult circumstances. This can only be achieved through outstanding levels of leadership both at school level and with our excellentteachers. Therefore we decided to invest in support four our professionals in this peculiar time. Prime School prepared the environment for students to conduct the formal examinations and assessments which are necessary to progress successfully to the next stages.Safety MeasuresVaried TimetableIncreased Hygiene FacilitiesFace masks are mandatory for allClass sizes reducedPersonalized FacilitiesSpecialized CleaningHand SanitiserOpen DoorsSocial distancing practicesSignageContingency planDeveloping Teaching & LearningIn Prime School we consider that one positive side-effect of COVID-19 has been the development and extension of the use of a range of technologies, including TV and radio as well as online teaching and learning in the form of presentations, online classes, and discussions. Such techniques are being used in Prime School, both inside and outside the school. Another side benefit has been the very direct involvement of parents in their children’s education, working together with the school. Online teaching and parental involvement are not new in our School.Formal Examinations & AssessmentsA further important dimension of this crisis has been the disruption to traditional examinations and assessment in a way which really is very difficult for some young people as they reach key decision points in their lives. In Prime School, we have opted for creativity and imagination. We allowed students to take their examinations in different ways, either at different times or by different means, i.e. through an online assessment.Supporting & Training TeachersTraining and support for teachers, including headteachers, is an extremely important element of making these changes work both in the immediate circumstances of this first wave of the COVID epidemic but also in any later stages and indeed in the permanent new reality which will dominate the future of school education. In Prime School, we believe that it is necessary to produce and make available high-quality online teaching resources for teachers, thus we prioritize teacher's continuous training.In tune with the status quo of a country plagued by COVID-19, and conscious of its responsibilities, PRIME SCHOOL INTERNATIONAL, a bilingual, private educational establishment, with over 600 children from approximately 60 nationalities, sought - and seeks - to play its part responsibly, having adopted the following measures:A Comprehensive Response Focused On The FutureThese measures need to be taken up and implemented in a comprehensive way. At Prime School, we believe that the future of education passes through adapting to new contexts and answering the world demands in the most astute way. The ICT revolution we have experienced throughout this century allowed us to implement and upgrade our education, our school firmly defends that preparing our students for the future is focusing on the future of technologies.How did Prime School manage to place all its routines online in record time? The answer has to be the Human factor - from a highly qualified team of teachers to an alert and perceptive Management. Prime School’s Management is made up of a team of engineers, with links to the European Space Agency (ESA) and General Staff Officers/Reserve Army Majors. The procedures adopted at the grassroots level within the establishment have the same discipline as those of a space agency or an army. United in the quest to win this war! 












Career classes: A practical approach to discovering your passion
How does one discover their passion? What do they want to do for the rest of their lives?





Amanda Costa Santos






Read Next 







                            Powered by Odoo






Copyright © Prime School
-
                Terms of use

-
                Privacy Policy

-
                Legal Advice




                Powered by Odoo,
                the #1 Open Source eCommerce.
            








Copyright © Prime School



                Powered by Odoo,
                the #1 Open Source eCommerce.
            











