












Career classes: A practical approach to discovering your passion | PRIME SCHOOL

































We use cookies in this website. Read about them in our privacy policy. To disable them, configure your browser properly. If you keep using this website, you are accepting those.

OK

















Home




Our Schools




Estoril Campus




International Anglo-American School




Admission Process




Virtual Tour Estoril






Sintra Campus




College Infanta D. Maria de Portugal




Admission Process




Virtual Tour Sintra








Academics




Cambridge Curriculum




Preschool




Primary




Secondary




Advanced




Advanced | Technical




Advanced | Sports






Sport & Business




High School Diploma






College (+18)






Boarding




about us & fees




Tuition & Fees




About Us & FAQ's




Our Team




Blog




Videos & YouTube




News




Academic Calendar 2022-2023






Contact Us


 


                    My Cart 













Prime School Life
Career classes: A practical approach to discovering your passion










Career classes: A practical approach to discovering your passion
How does one discover their passion? What do they want to do for the rest of their lives?






Amanda Costa Santos









This decision does not come easy.Some follow in the paths of their parents, while others pursue a passion they have had since they were kids. However, for most, once school ends, they are lost as to what to do next. I, myself, want to become a pilot, however, my dream has always been to get a degree. I have always liked business and interacting with people so a degree in business management seemed rather fitting to me, although I already decided this some years ago. How do you know what subjects to choose? Which university to go to, if one at all? Prime School provides a unique method for solving this problem. They provide practical classes which aim to help students explore their passions and witness a small part of what it is like to pursue a particular career. For example, their Aviation Career Program strives to demonstrate to students what it is like to be a pilot; the kinds of knowledge and skills they would need as well as actual flying lessons on their full-motion simulator. Students learn more of what life is like in a particular career field rather than actually learning the material of said career. In IT and Robotics career classes, you will invent, innovate and problem-solve.In marketing, you will discover a new way of selling and analyzing products and businesses. These are just a few career classes to name. Prime School’s aim is to help students achieve their full potential and provide them with the best start to their career life. Life can be daunting, especially when you are deciding on your future, however having support and guidance regarding your future can provide a world of peace.   











How can parents become more involved in their children's education?
Do you monitor your child's school performance? Understand the role of parents in their children's education.





Amanda Costa Santos






Read Next 







                            Powered by Odoo






Copyright © Prime School
-
                Terms of use

-
                Privacy Policy

-
                Legal Advice




                Powered by Odoo,
                the #1 Open Source eCommerce.
            








Copyright © Prime School



                Powered by Odoo,
                the #1 Open Source eCommerce.
            











