












Admission Process | PRIME SCHOOL



































We use cookies in this website. Read about them in our privacy policy. To disable them, configure your browser properly. If you keep using this website, you are accepting those.

OK

















Home




Our Schools




Estoril Campus




International Anglo-American School




Admission Process




Virtual Tour Estoril






Sintra Campus




College Infanta D. Maria de Portugal




Admission Process




Virtual Tour Sintra








Academics




Cambridge Curriculum




Preschool




Primary




Secondary




Advanced




Advanced | Technical




Advanced | Sports






Sport & Business




High School Diploma






College (+18)






Boarding




about us & fees




Tuition & Fees




About Us & FAQ's




Our Team




Blog




Videos & YouTube




News




Academic Calendar 2022-2023






Contact Us


 


                    My Cart 

















Admission Process 



Kindly remind that number of applications might exceeds the number of places available, therefore the school advises parents and guardians to apply as early as possible.


Apply Now











Admission Steps










1st Step
Fill in Application Form Online and wait for customised quotation.At this point, we can also arrange an e-meeting or visit to our School Campuses(Tuesday to Thursday from 9h30 to 13h00).



2nd Step

If the Quotation is accepted, we will send an invoice with Enrolment Fee (Not refundable) to guarantee the student's vacancy in our School. After it, we will send an Welcome Pack with all Application Forms we need you to fill in.





3rd Step

Before attending Prime School, students must have all the uniforms (formal and sports) and books. All information is sent by email after the student's enrolment.











Grade Equivalency Guide

 A student's year of admission is determined by both the student’s age at the time of enrollment and based on the latest school report.
Please check our guide before filling in the Application Form.The quotation we will send you will be based on the Year of admission and if the year of admission changes, the amount of the quotation might change as well.













For more information on our admissions process please do not hesitate to contact our Admissions Team, at info@primeschool.pt for any further questions.












 











A few Parent's Testimonial
















































                            Powered by Odoo






Copyright © Prime School
-
                Terms of use

-
                Privacy Policy

-
                Legal Advice




                Powered by Odoo,
                the #1 Open Source eCommerce.
            








Copyright © Prime School



                Powered by Odoo,
                the #1 Open Source eCommerce.
            











