












An innovative approach for the students | PRIME SCHOOL

































We use cookies in this website. Read about them in our privacy policy. To disable them, configure your browser properly. If you keep using this website, you are accepting those.

OK

















Home




Our Schools




Estoril Campus




International Anglo-American School




Admission Process




Virtual Tour Estoril






Sintra Campus




College Infanta D. Maria de Portugal




Admission Process




Virtual Tour Sintra








Academics




Cambridge Curriculum




Preschool




Primary




Secondary




Advanced




Advanced | Technical




Advanced | Sports






Sport & Business




High School Diploma






College (+18)






Boarding




about us & fees




Tuition & Fees




About Us & FAQ's




Our Team




Blog




Videos & YouTube




News




Academic Calendar 2022-2023






Contact Us


 


                    My Cart 













Prime School Life
An innovative approach for the students










An innovative approach for the students
Project-Based Learning






Alexandre Rüffer













OverviewProject-Based Learning (PBL) is a teaching method in which students gain knowledge and skills by working for an extended period to investigate and respond to an authentic, engaging, and complex question, problem, or challenge. The prevalence of project-based learning (PBL) has increased significantly, contributing to serious studies that concluded that PBL promotes lifelong learning skills, authentic knowledge and increases adaptability. A significant relation was found between the PBL method and collaborative learning, disciplinary subject learning, iterative learning, and authentic learning, which, in turn, produced student engagement. The results show that the PBL technique improves student engagement by enabling knowledge and information sharing and discussion. Thus, the PBL approach is highly recommended for educational use by students and should be encouraged in universities.Prime School integrates PBL through the Career ProgrammesBy bringing real-life context and technology to the curriculum through a PBL approach, students are encouraged to become independent workers, critical thinkers, and lifelong learners. Teachers can communicate with administrators, exchange ideas with other teachers and subject-area experts, and communicate with parents, all the while breaking down invisible barriers such as isolation of the classroom, fear of embarking on an unfamiliar process, and lack of assurances of success. PBL is not just a way of learning, it is a way of working together. If students learn to take responsibility for their own learning, they will form the basis for the way they will work with others in their adult lives.Prime school believes that the old-school model of passively acquiring information and reciting them out of context is no longer adequate to prepare kids for today&#39;s society. Thus, Prime School integrates project-based learning (PBL) through the career programmes in parallel with the Cambridge curriculum.Prime School offers a career program to conclude IGCSE and Advanced levels diplomas. Students can choose between Aviation; Aeronautical Engineer, Culinary and Management, Computer and Robotics, Media and Marketing.“Integrating PBL into the school educational project allowed students to gather both foundational learning Students must have both foundational skills (reading, writing, and math) and 21 st century skills, such as teamwork, problem-solving, research gathering, time management, analytical skills, information synthesizing and know-how on high tech tools to solve real-world complex challenges.” -Edite Reina, director officer at Prime School.With this combination of skills, students become directors and managers of their learning process, guided, and mentored by the teachers.“One of the major advantages of project work is that it makes school more like real life. It’s an in-depth investigation of a real-world topic worthy of our attention and effort.”-Alexandre Rüffer












School life & Covid-19
In tune with the status quo of a country plagued by COVID-19, and conscious of its responsibilities





Maria Benedita de Castro Nunes Santos Silva






Read Next 







                            Powered by Odoo






Copyright © Prime School
-
                Terms of use

-
                Privacy Policy

-
                Legal Advice




                Powered by Odoo,
                the #1 Open Source eCommerce.
            








Copyright © Prime School



                Powered by Odoo,
                the #1 Open Source eCommerce.
            











