












Prime School | Portugal | Cambridge Curriculum



































We use cookies in this website. Read about them in our privacy policy. To disable them, configure your browser properly. If you keep using this website, you are accepting those.

OK

















Home




Our Schools




Estoril Campus




International Anglo-American School




Admission Process




Virtual Tour Estoril






Sintra Campus




College Infanta D. Maria de Portugal




Admission Process




Virtual Tour Sintra








Academics




Cambridge Curriculum




Preschool




Primary




Secondary




Advanced




Advanced | Technical




Advanced | Sports






Sport & Business




High School Diploma






College (+18)






Boarding




about us & fees




Tuition & Fees




About Us & FAQ's




Our Team




Blog




Videos & YouTube




News




Academic Calendar 2022-2023






Contact Us


 


                    My Cart 












 Apply Now 

  




 









Welcome to Prime School International!






What makes us unique?



The aim of the Prime School International academic project is to promote well-being and personal fulfilment within our academic community. This is achieved through the convergence of various human experiences obtained via the essential skills garnered for personal development, which, in turn, achieves efficient, sensitive, creative, informed and skilled citizens to overcome and solve any obstacles that may arise in the future.

Our particularly innovative academic project focuses on teaching and transmitting a global perspective of life in our fast-paced world to our students, be it through knowledge, discipline, education or respect. Enrich the 
learning of any subject with enthusiasm 
and dedication through 
 the sharing of knowledge 
and methodology.




Our students enjoy the daily practice of 
science-oriented and robotics projects in our 
laboratories equipped with state of the art new technology. 


Cooking, gardening, as well as projects involving our natural environment as well as knowledge of the 
animal world
 - are all areas in which the application of practical skills as well as theoretical knowledge are of equal importance.




Our unique, state of the art Career Programme, offers our students hands-on,  practical experience in the fields of Aviation, Management, Marketing, Programming, Robotics and Cookery to name a few. 
Our teaching team is prepared and specialised to advise each of our students on how to develop their innate skills and cultivate their independence by assisting them in planning their most effective academic path.





















Broad Scope of Teaching


Two campuses for students aged 3 to 18, in Estoril and Sintra. Also offered Boarding House










Multicultural Environment


Over 400 students from more than 60 countries.










Cambridge Curriculum


Learning pathway from Primary to Secondary, providing access to the most prestigious universities in the world.










Cambridge School 












 






Primary



Our Preschool program comprises investigation, exploration and discovery, tailor made for active and enthusiastic children, seeking to discover and hone their skills and knowledge. Specialized pedagogy, purposefully designed learning environments and enriched activities.


The Primary Cambridge Curriculum is delivered in English at our Sintra campus. We provide ESL enlgish language support for students who are not fluent in English in order for them to achieve the same level as International students. 




Read more





Apply













Secondary


Our Secondary school teachers focus on assisting each and every student reach their full potential. Instruction is differentiated by using learning, assessment, and communication tools to discover and identify each student's strengths and weaknesses. Our team work collaboratively with families to establish students' individual academic goals and learning pathways.  

The Cambridge Curriculum is delivered in English at our Estoril campus. 
We provide ESL english language support for students who are not fluent in English in order for them to achieve the same level as International students. 




Read more





Apply













Advanced


Prime School endeavours to educate our students to foster an international, open and inquiring mindset, where topics such as new techniques implemented in ecology, new technologies, the global market and emerging trends are a reality. Our students can select from an array of subject choices to obtain their Cambridge International AS/ A Level and AICE Diploma qualifications.  
Our unique, state of the art Career Programme, offers our students hands on,  practical experience in the fields of Aviation, Management, Marketing, Programming, Robotics and Cookery to name a few. 



Read more





Apply















Boarding 
House

 


Prime boarding accommodates boys and girls from year 9 to year 13, it is a spacious and airy building with a range of rooms, en-suite facilities and a lovely park nearby. The house is within walking distance of the sea, local shops and a large supermarket so students can enjoy their teenage lives to the fullest. 
We also offer our students who stay at the boarding a range of extracurricular activities such as football, swimming, volleyball, roller hockey and a vast other range of sports.
At Prime Boarding students are encouraged to discover their strengths and interests and are offered the opportunity to join in any activity that suits their interests.
Living away from home whilst balancing an advanced curriculum encourages students to develop their self-discipline and responsibility. 
We believe that a school that encourages students to express themselves and trusts them to make informed choices and decisions is essential in ensuring the success of tomorrow's leaders.



Read more


















Career Programmes






Prime School International's unique, state of the art Career Programmes offers our students hands-on,  practical experience in the professional fields of Aviation, Management, Marketing, Programming, Robotics and Cookery, to name a few, all in addition to the core programmes.
















Technical






Students are taught vital skills which are going to assist them in the ever-changing job market.







 Read more 





 Apply 













Sports






Students are encourages and supported on their path to discovering their athletic abilites.





 




 Read more 





 Apply





























































































Prime School Campuses











Sintra




   R. Mestre Neves, 20 (+351) 219 235 496 (09:00 - 16:30 GMT) sintra@primeschool.pt
 









Estoril


 



   

R. Antoine de Saint-Exupéry







 (+351) 219 235 496 



 (09:00 - 16:30 GMT) 



 

estoril@primeschool.pt 



 









Prime College (+18 years)


 

   Estoril & Sintra (+351) 219 235 496  (17:00 - 19:00 GMT)   info@primecollege.pt  
 












Enrolment open





Subscribe
Thanks

Thanks for your subscription!



Shaping The Citizens Of An Interconnected World



 
















 Contact us 















                            Powered by Odoo






Copyright © Prime School
-
                Terms of use

-
                Privacy Policy

-
                Legal Advice




                Powered by Odoo,
                the #1 Open Source eCommerce.
            








Copyright © Prime School



                Powered by Odoo,
                the #1 Open Source eCommerce.
            











