












Advanced | Sports































We use cookies in this website. Read about them in our privacy policy. To disable them, configure your browser properly. If you keep using this website, you are accepting those.

OK

















Home




Our Schools




Estoril Campus




International Anglo-American School




Admission Process




Virtual Tour Estoril






Sintra Campus




College Infanta D. Maria de Portugal




Admission Process




Virtual Tour Sintra








Academics




Cambridge Curriculum




Preschool




Primary




Secondary




Advanced




Advanced | Technical




Advanced | Sports






Sport & Business




High School Diploma






College (+18)






Boarding




about us & fees




Tuition & Fees




About Us & FAQ's




Our Team




Blog




Videos & YouTube




News




Academic Calendar 2022-2023






Contact Us


 


                    My Cart 






















Sports 



Programmes





A-Levels with intensive sports programmes for Secondary Students. 
Only available at our Estoril Campus.


Ages: 16 to 18 












Estoril Campus


Prime School candidates can choose from a number of additional courses related to the sports field







We offer a Career Programme to conclude your secondary with the sport of your choice.


Subjects: Physical Education; Biology; English or Another language 



+




2 hours/day of practice 


*The practical components constitute 50% of the overall A-level grade and will allow students to develop their skills.








Practical Activity Categories





Selection and application of skills in an open environment (effective performance) in two different 
activities are chosen from two of the eleven different activity categories. 
The assessment of 
the performance will take place in formal competitive situations or prescribed situations (e.g. trampolining).


Verbal evaluation and appreciation which is a synopsis of another performer in one of their choosing 
activities.


Each activity is marked out of 30 marks for a maximum total mark of 60 for the two practical activities.


The Evaluation and Appreciation are marked out of 30 marks.


A final mark out of 90 is thus arrived at for the A-Level Coursework component.



The assessment is divided and weighted as follows:




Performance 20% of the A-level




Evaluation and Appreciation 10% of the A-level









Practical Activity Categories 


Criteria for Assessment of Performance Assessment is through banded performance criteria that are split into five levels. 



Candidates should be assessed on the:




Level of acquired and developed skills and their application in the performance. 




Level of the selection and application of more advanced techniques and their accuracy, control and fluency under competitive pressure. 




The level of their understanding of the requirements is illustrated by their use of tactics and strategies. 







At the A level, candidates are assessed in two different practical activities, which are chosen from two of the eleven different activity categories described below.

 
















Categories















ATHLETIC




                       
                    

                      Cross Country Running, Track and Field Athletics, Track Cycling, 
                    

                      Triathlon
                    




This programme is suitable for students from Y12 to Y13.









FITNESS




 
Olympic Weight Lifting






This programme is suitable for students from Y12 to Y13.








COMBAT


                       
                      
                    
                    
Judo, Karate





This programme is suitable for students from Y12 to Y13.















DANCE ACTIVITIES




  Hip Hop





 



This programme is suitable for students from Y12 to Y13.









INVASION GAMES





 

Football, Basketball, Hockey, Goalball, Handball, In-line Hockey, Lacrosse, Netball, Rugby, Water Polo





 



This programme is suitable for students from Y12 to Y13.








NET/WALL GAMES


 

Badminton, Squash, Table Tennis, Tennis, Volleyball


 



This programme is suitable for students from Y12 to Y13.















STRIKING FIELDING GAMES




                       Baseball, Cricket, Rounders, Softball


 



This programme is suitable for students from Y12 to Y13.









TARGET ACTIVITIES





                         


                        Archery, Flat Green Bowling, Golf
                      





 



This programme is suitable for students from Y12 to Y13.










GYMNASTIC ACTIVITIES



 
                    
Gymnastics, Individual Ice, Skating, Rhythmic Gymnastics,
Trampolining




This programme is suitable for students from Y12 to Y13.















OUTDOOR AND ADVENTURE ACTIVITIES 





                         
                      

                        Canoeing, Horse Riding, Mountain Biking, Mountain/Hill Walking,  Orienteering, Rock Climbing, Rowing and Sculling, Sailing, Skiing, Snowboarding, Windsurfing
                      








This programme is suitable for students from Y12 to Y13.









SWIMMING ACTIVITIES





 

Competitive Swimming, Life Saving, Personal Survival





 



This programme is suitable for students from Y12 to Y13.

















A tailored academic, international, unique offer in Portugal.



Contact us today to know more about us...




Contact us











                            Powered by Odoo






Copyright © Prime School
-
                Terms of use

-
                Privacy Policy

-
                Legal Advice




                Powered by Odoo,
                the #1 Open Source eCommerce.
            








Copyright © Prime School



                Powered by Odoo,
                the #1 Open Source eCommerce.
            











