












sintracampus | PRIME SCHOOL































We use cookies in this website. Read about them in our privacy policy. To disable them, configure your browser properly. If you keep using this website, you are accepting those.

OK

















Home




Our Schools




Estoril Campus




International Anglo-American School




Admission Process




Virtual Tour Estoril






Sintra Campus




College Infanta D. Maria de Portugal




Admission Process




Virtual Tour Sintra








Academics




Cambridge Curriculum




Preschool




Primary




Secondary




Advanced




Advanced | Technical




Advanced | Sports






Sport & Business




High School Diploma






College (+18)






Boarding




about us & fees




Tuition & Fees




About Us & FAQ's




Our Team




Blog




Videos & YouTube




News




Academic Calendar 2022-2023






Contact Us


 


                    My Cart 














Infanta D. Maria  de Portugal School



Sintra Campus  



ENROL NOW!











Who we are



College Infanta D. Maria de Portugal is an inclusive and popular primary school where excellence is celebrated and everybody is cared for. 




We form part of the Prime School International network, an institution delivering from Kindergarten to Secondary education for students from 3 to 18 years old. We aim to provide all children with a safe, challenging and stimulating environment, where children can grow personally, socially and academically. 




We offer an innovative curriculum underpinned by dedicated and imaginative teaching that develops a lifelong sense of purpose and curiosity in learning. To do this we wish to secure a passion for learning as well as an ability to think independently.


 




Our desire is to develop the character of our pupils so that they are respectful, responsible, successful and happy. there is a committed and dedicated team of teachers and support staff all of whom strive to provide the very best quality of teaching and care. All our staff promote children’s physical, emotional health and well-being and develop their personal, moral, spiritual and social skills.




The school seeks to be at the heart of the community and works in strong partnership with parents and the wider community. We hope that this site provides a snapshot of some of the fantastic things we do, but we would warmly encourage you to visit the school and see our vibrant and active community for yourself. 





















Our mission

Our mission is to provide rich, varied and memorable experiences inspired by stimulating teaching that enables every child to achieve excellence in all areas of school life and make the progress they are capable of. 
Our fantastic staff team recognises the uniqueness of each individual child and nurtures their gifts and talents. We believe wholeheartedly that for education to be successful, our children will flourish not only academically but through their love of learning.









Sintra Campus offers the following Cycles of Basic Education


Basic education lasts for fourteen years and is divided into six cycles (see table below). At our Sintra Campus, we only offer the first two and the remaining cycles are at our Estoril Campus.





Cycles of basic education



Years



Modal age



Academic in Offer



Kindergarten
 Kindergarten
3 - 4 years old
Cambridge certificate


Primary
1 - 6
5 - 10 years old
Cambridge certificate


Lower Secondary *
7 - 8
11 - 12 years old
Cambridge certificate


Upper Secondary *
9 
13 years old
Cambridge certificate


Advanced Levels (High School) *
10 - 13
15 - 18 years old


Cambridge Diploma 









Upper School (High School) -


Technicals and sports *





10 - 13
15 - 18 years old


Cambridge Diploma 






*Only availabe at Prime School Estoril campus 


Upper Education 


Lasts for three years and is divided into three cycles (see table below).






       Cycles of Upper Education


                    Grades



                   Modal age



             Academic in Offer




 Level 4 (1st-year University)* 





HNC - Higher National Certificate


+18 years old


Undergraduate degree taught in Portuguese








 Level 5 (2nd-year University)* 





HND - Higher National Diploma


 +18 years old


Undergraduate degree


taught in Portuguese




 Level 6 (3rd-year University)* 
Bachelor's Degree
 +18 years old


Degree 


UCLAN University of Central Lancashire


taught in English






 















*Only available at Prime School Estoril 











 
 





Meet Your Future Sintra Campus

College Infanta D. Maria is located in Sintra. This town and municipality are located in the Greater Lisbon region of Portugal,  the Portuguese Riviera.  A major tourist destination famed for its picturesque, the municipality has several historic palaces, castles, scenic beaches, parks, and gardens.
The area includes the Sintra-Cascais Nature Park through which the Sintra Mountains run. The historic center of the Vila de Sintra is famous for its 19th-century Romanticist architecture, historic estates and villas, gardens, and royal palaces and castles, which resulted in the classification of the town as a UNESCO World Heritage Site. Sintra's landmarks include the medieval Castle of the Moors, the romanticist Pena National Palace, and the Portuguese Renaissance Sintra National Palace.































































                            Powered by Odoo






Copyright © Prime School
-
                Terms of use

-
                Privacy Policy

-
                Legal Advice




                Powered by Odoo,
                the #1 Open Source eCommerce.
            








Copyright © Prime School



                Powered by Odoo,
                the #1 Open Source eCommerce.
            











