












Summer Camp #2 Weeks | PRIME SCHOOL

































We use cookies in this website. Read about them in our privacy policy. To disable them, configure your browser properly. If you keep using this website, you are accepting those.

OK

















Home




Our Schools




Estoril Campus




International Anglo-American School




Admission Process




Virtual Tour Estoril






Sintra Campus




College Infanta D. Maria de Portugal




Admission Process




Virtual Tour Sintra








Academics




Cambridge Curriculum




Preschool




Primary




Secondary




Advanced




Advanced | Technical




Advanced | Sports






Sport & Business




High School Diploma






College (+18)






Boarding




about us & fees




Tuition & Fees




About Us & FAQ's




Our Team




Blog




Videos & YouTube




News




Academic Calendar 2022-2023






Contact Us


 


                    My Cart 














Products


Summer Camp #2 Weeks















                Public Pricelist
            

















Summer Camp #2 Weeks
https://primeschool.pt/shop/product/summer-camp-2-weeks-12








350.00 €
350.00 €
350.0
EUR


350.00 €

Option not available

This combination does not exist.













Add to Cart
















SUMMER CAMPPrime School is offering your children a unique opportunity to spend a truly Portuguese and British camp “English Explorer” that will take place in Portugal, Estoril city, on the territory of a comfortable and well established recreation complex «International Anglo American School». Your child will be able to learn the English language with interest and curiosity of a young discoverer, while breathing clean seaside air, purified by the pine-tree forest around the complex, and enjoying active holidays.Day camp programs at Prime School offer indoor and outdoor activities, plus opportunities for fun, friendships, and exploration. Our camp teachers work collaboratively to develop a fun curriculum that takes advantage of all that the summer offers. They use playgrounds, the surrounding communities, and special visitors as an extension of the camp, helping children to discover science, explore nature, and engage in the creative arts, while learning about the vast opportunities in the world around them. We follow four essential rules when planning our excursions: the trip must be developmentally appropriate, safe, have educational value, and it must be fun!Read more





Alternative Products:






Summer Camp









Summer Camp Weekend











                            Powered by Odoo






Copyright © Prime School
-
                Terms of use

-
                Privacy Policy

-
                Legal Advice




                Powered by Odoo,
                the #1 Open Source eCommerce.
            








Copyright © Prime School



                Powered by Odoo,
                the #1 Open Source eCommerce.
            











