












Tuition Fees | PRIME SCHOOL































We use cookies in this website. Read about them in our privacy policy. To disable them, configure your browser properly. If you keep using this website, you are accepting those.

OK

















Home




Our Schools




Estoril Campus




International Anglo-American School




Admission Process




Virtual Tour Estoril






Sintra Campus




College Infanta D. Maria de Portugal




Admission Process




Virtual Tour Sintra








Academics




Cambridge Curriculum




Preschool




Primary




Secondary




Advanced




Advanced | Technical




Advanced | Sports






Sport & Business




High School Diploma






College (+18)






Boarding




about us & fees




Tuition & Fees




About Us & FAQ's




Our Team




Blog




Videos & YouTube




News




Academic Calendar 2022-2023






Contact Us


 


                    My Cart 














Tuition & Fees



Here you can find information about the fees for Prime School International for the year 2022/23, along with the notes on fees and payments that follow.







Apply Now!





















Terms and Conditions of Payment


The First Term fees (Tuition and Capital Levy, if applicable) of attendance are owed as a condition of registering or re-registering a student and are non-refundable in nature, under any circumstances. 
Failure to pay the first quarter by the due date will result in the loss of your child’s placement and the invoiced amounts will still be due and payable.



Registration/ Transfers


The pre-enrolment of a student at Prime School - Infanta D. Maria de Portugal or International Anglo American School - for the following academic year may take place at any time prior to the commencement of the academic year.



Enrolment of new students


The definitive enrolment for the current academic year, or the following academic year, should be made up to at least one month before the student attends lessons. Should the student, however, withdraw from the enrolment process, the registration fees remain non-refundable in nature.



Renewal of enrolment


The renewal of enrolment for the following academic year is to be concluded by the end of May of the current academic year.


The current account for the student's current academic year must be fully paid up to date, in order for the student renewal to be granted.



Late Admission


In the case of a student commencing lessons during any quarter, the fee to reserve the student's placement will amount to Tuition for the full quarter, as well as the Registration Fee and Capital Levy for the entire academic year (if applicable).  





Early Withdrawal


Written notification of intent to withdraw during the 2022-2023 academic year must be
 submitted in writing to the Admissions Office by the following deadlines below, which are 


approximately one month before payments for the next quarter are due:




1st Term: September 30 of 2022 





2nd Term: December 15 of 2022 





3rd Term: February 25 of 2023





Failure to provide written notice to the Admissions Office by the required deadline will result
in the full-term fees being due and payable. Any attendance in the term will result in the full-term fees being due and payable.



Tuition Fees Payments


Prime School Infanta D. Maria de Portugal Prime School of Portugal, has a price list in force for each academic year, regarding tuition and other fees.


The annual fee can be paid in the following ways:




In Full: to be paid by the  5th of August (before the start of each academic year) 




Per Semester: half is to be paid by the 5 thof August and another half by the 28th of February 




Quarterly: ⅓ due by the 5th of August; ⅓ by December the 31st; ⅓ by the 30th of March  



Monthly (for former students only): first monthly installment is due by the 30th of August, every monthly instalment is to be paid by the last working day of the previous month to which the invoice refers, with the last instalment being made on the last working day of May.



All payments are to be made to Ifthenpay, whose payment details can be found in the lower left-hand corner of all invoices.



If you are unable to make the payment this way, you can go to one of our campuses and

pay by credit card machine or lastly, you can make a bank transfer to our IBAN: 
CAIXA GERAL DE DEPÓSITOS (CGD)  -  
                  PT50 0035 0416 00004546530 62

Proof of payment is to be emailed to financeiro@primeschool.pt in order for your payment to be reconciled accordingly.


Financial Rules & Payments in arrears 

* Students whose accounts reflect arrears, will not be put on the list of grades until the situation is resolved. This can be arranged with the financial department of the
 
Prime School Infanta D. Maria de Portugal.


* All payments made after the deadlines mentioned above, will be subject to a late fee of 10% over the amount due, along with the interest on late payments at the rate of 1% per month.


* Prime School Infanta D. Maria de Portugal reserves the right to deny attendance to any student whose Prime School Infanta D. Maria de Portugal current accounts are in arrears.


* Prime School furthermore reserves the right to exclude any student whose parents or guardians do not fulfill their payment obligations or services contracted.


* In the event of withdrawal from attendance at the school or extracurricular activities, without prior written notice of 90 days, the parent is to pay for the three months following the date of the cancellation. There will be no reduction in tuition fees or other services for the non-attendance of attendance of students in class.



Staying after school hours


From 16h15 to 17h15 we provide study/support rooms at a cost of €20.00 per week.


Students enroled in the Prime School Clubs may remain at the school until 17h30 at no additional cost.


After this time, however, they will be charged a weekly fee of €20.00 


* The time limit for staying at the School Campus, even if paying the weekly fee, is 17h30 without exception.



Books and Uniforms


In July, the list of textbooks and uniforms to be bought by parents is sent out, along with our supplier's details. However, you can also find the books online, on websites such as Amazon.



School Insurance


School insurance is mandatory and is invoiced on the first invoice for the academic year in question. No student is permitted to attend classes until the insurance has been paid.



Damages


In the event of damage caused by students to the School premises or materials, the parents or guardians will be informed of the damage and an invoice will be sent for the repairs of the respective damage, this is due and payable within eight days



Financial Assistance A small number of fee reductions are granted annually for the fees of children in Kindergarten through to Year 13. For a family to be eligible, evidence of financial needs to be supplied. The child(ren) must have attended Prime School for at least one consecutive year and must have good academic and behavioral records. The family is required to provide documentation of financial need and must be positive, supportive members which contribute to our Prime School community. 
Prime School will receive financial assistance applications until February the 23rd of each academic year. 

*Applications will be reviewed and considered by the Board of Trustees. The parents or guardians will be informed by the Director no later than May 15thof each year.
*Please contact the Accounts Manager for further assistance. 

















School Lunches


Lunches can be prepaid for the whole term.  Changes in school lunch arrangements for subsequent terms need to be reported to the school by the end of November and end of February. Single tickets are also available. Please inquire at our Finance Department.









Resources


Prime School International may be required to charge additional fees to cover unforeseen resources for English as a Second Language (ESL) or specific Special Educational Needs (SEN).









Support Classes


The extra support classes for all subjects can happen online or physically and has an extra cost.








Exams


External Examination costs in Year 11 (IGCSE) and Year 13 (A Levels) are invoiced in the 2nd or 3rd term. Resitting of exams is charged separately and has to be paid in advance.
Should the result of resitting the exam be in favour of the student, this expense incurred by the student will be reimbursed. Students apt to sit exams in Year 10 or Year 12 may do so with the approval of the Pedagogical Director.









IGCSE, AICE & A Level Fees


The 2-Year IGCSE, AICE and A Level Programmes span 5 terms, with the 6th Term being reserved for exams.
Fees for the 2-Year Programmes are specified in September and are payable in 6 terms (3 terms in Year 12, and 3 terms in Year 13).
Please note that exitting the programmes  before completion will result in having to redo the courses from the beginning.









Accident Insurance



Personal Accident Insurance is mandatory in the tuition fees and covers pupils/students from September to June. Please contact our Admissions Department for more details.










Please do not hesitate to contact us if you have any queries
 


 Contact us 









                            Powered by Odoo






Copyright © Prime School
-
                Terms of use

-
                Privacy Policy

-
                Legal Advice




                Powered by Odoo,
                the #1 Open Source eCommerce.
            








Copyright © Prime School



                Powered by Odoo,
                the #1 Open Source eCommerce.
            











