












vlog | PRIME SCHOOL































We use cookies in this website. Read about them in our privacy policy. To disable them, configure your browser properly. If you keep using this website, you are accepting those.

OK

















Home




Our Schools




Estoril Campus




International Anglo-American School




Admission Process




Virtual Tour Estoril






Sintra Campus




College Infanta D. Maria de Portugal




Admission Process




Virtual Tour Sintra








Academics




Cambridge Curriculum




Preschool




Primary




Secondary




Advanced




Advanced | Technical




Advanced | Sports






Sport & Business




High School Diploma






College (+18)






Boarding




about us & fees




Tuition & Fees




About Us & FAQ's




Our Team




Blog




Videos & YouTube




News




Academic Calendar 2022-2023






Contact Us


 


                    My Cart 














Youtube & Videos

Keep up with our latest videos below!

Go to Youtube










 
 




About Us
We focus on the student as an individual, educating him from infancy for autonomy and his personal development as a responsible, faithful, tolerant and passionate, devoted to intellectual curiosity, expeditious in the search for solutions, creative and secure in his place in the world.








Our Community
Know better our atmosphere, students and staff! Welcome!














Prime School Estoril

It's been 20 years since the beginning of the first Prime School, resulting in the success story it is today: a robust program built on an internationally recognized and recognized curriculum, in which pre-school through high school students receive the structure to develop their level of learning and grow to be efficient and responsive citizens.










Who we are

At Prime School, we focus on our students’ personal development with a unique academic approach endorsed by the Cambridge curriculum. Over and above the excellence that Cambridge demands, Prime School strives to provide our students with the best quality Education through an innovative approach, both inside and outside the classroom. Prime school students have distinct advantages by building their critical thinking skills, nurturing their curiosity and instilling in them an ability to solve complex problems.



















Prime School International in the media
We involve students from primary to secondary school, and we are considered one of the best schools in terms of innovation and new technologies.








Bangladesh International News
Covid-19 imposes a new model of classes in Portugal and makes the Prime School international located in Sintra and Estoril in Portugal, stand out as one of the best and innovative educational projects in Europe.
 














Drone Inside Prime School 

A Green and ECO School insert in a two-hectare park near the Ocean, in Lisbon area. This is a unique campus and you'll see why! Schedule now a visit with us: 
https://lnkd.in/ewppyQ6










Graduation Ceremony 2020/2021
In celebration of our students' dedication during what has been an extraordinary year, it is with great pride and pleasure that Prime School share special memories of our 2021 Graduation Day with you. 














Student Testimonial

Student Testimonial from our finalist, Guilherme Silva - Y13. 

Thank you Gui for trusting us with your education for more than 5 years!










Net Zero Game 2050 Finals in Copenhagen
A little bit of what happened during the Finals for the Net Zero Game 2050 in Copenhagen! 
Gorkem Çek & Miguel Rebelo, from Years 12 & 13, were representing Prime School International and Gorkem made it to the 3rd place in the Finals! 
Congratulations to both of them for the amazing teamwork and for representing Prime School and Portugal in Denmark! 



 
 











                            Powered by Odoo






Copyright © Prime School
-
                Terms of use

-
                Privacy Policy

-
                Legal Advice




                Powered by Odoo,
                the #1 Open Source eCommerce.
            








Copyright © Prime School



                Powered by Odoo,
                the #1 Open Source eCommerce.
            











